                                                                                                                   www.keithley.com

Series 2200

Multichannel Programmable DC Power Supplies
Declassification and Security Instructions

2220S-901-01 Rev. B / December 2013

                                                     A G R E AT E R M E AS U R E O F C O N F I D E N C E
                         Series 2220
Multichannel Programmable DC Power Supplies

     Declassification and Security Instructions

                                          © 2013, Keithley Instruments, Inc.
                                                 Cleveland, Ohio, U.S.A.
                                                    All rights reserved.

 Any unauthorized reproduction, photocopy, or use of the information herein, in whole or in part,
          without the prior written approval of Keithley Instruments, Inc. is strictly prohibited.

     TSP®, TSP-Link®, and TSP-Net® are trademarks of Keithley Instruments, Inc. All Keithley
Instruments product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Keithley Instruments, Inc.

      Other brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.

                         Document number: 2220S-901-01 Rev. B / December 2013
                                                           Safety precautions

The following safety precautions should be observed before using this product and any associated instrumentation. Although
some instruments and accessories would normally be used with nonhazardous voltages, there are situations where hazardous
conditions may be present.

This product is intended for use by qualified personnel who recognize shock hazards and are familiar with the safety precautions
required to avoid possible injury. Read and follow all installation, operation, and maintenance information carefully before using
the product. Refer to the user documentation for complete product specifications.

If the product is used in a manner not specified, the protection provided by the product warranty may be impaired.

The types of product users are:

Responsible body is the individual or group responsible for the use and maintenance of equipment, for ensuring that the
equipment is operated within its specifications and operating limits, and for ensuring that operators are adequately trained.

Operators use the product for its intended function. They must be trained in electrical safety procedures and proper use of the
instrument. They must be protected from electric shock and contact with hazardous live circuits.

Maintenance personnel perform routine procedures on the product to keep it operating properly, for example, setting the line
voltage or replacing consumable materials. Maintenance procedures are described in the user documentation. The procedures
explicitly state if the operator may perform them. Otherwise, they should be performed only by service personnel.

Service personnel are trained to work on live circuits, perform safe installations, and repair products. Only properly trained
service personnel may perform installation and service procedures.

Keithley Instruments products are designed for use with electrical signals that are measurement, control, and data I/O
connections, with low transient overvoltages, and must not be directly connected to mains voltage or to voltage sources with high
transient overvoltages. Measurement Category II (as referenced in IEC 60664) connections require protection for high transient
overvoltages often associated with local AC mains connections. Certain Keithley measuring instruments may be connected to
mains. These instruments will be marked as category II or higher.

Unless explicitly allowed in the specifications, operating manual, and instrument labels, do not connect any instrument to mains.

Exercise extreme caution when a shock hazard is present. Lethal voltage may be present on cable connector jacks or test
fixtures. The American National Standards Institute (ANSI) states that a shock hazard exists when voltage levels greater than
30 V RMS, 42.4 V peak, or 60 VDC are present. A good safety practice is to expect that hazardous voltage is present in any
unknown circuit before measuring.

Operators of this product must be protected from electric shock at all times. The responsible body must ensure that operators
are prevented access and/or insulated from every connection point. In some cases, connections must be exposed to potential
human contact. Product operators in these circumstances must be trained to protect themselves from the risk of electric shock. If
the circuit is capable of operating at or above 1000 V, no conductive part of the circuit may be exposed.

Do not connect switching cards directly to unlimited power circuits. They are intended to be used with impedance-limited
sources. NEVER connect switching cards directly to AC mains. When connecting sources to switching cards, install protective
devices to limit fault current and voltage to the card.

Before operating an instrument, ensure that the line cord is connected to a properly-grounded power receptacle. Inspect the
connecting cables, test leads, and jumpers for possible wear, cracks, or breaks before each use.

When installing equipment where access to the main power cord is restricted, such as rack mounting, a separate main input
power disconnect device must be provided in close proximity to the equipment and within easy reach of the operator.

For maximum safety, do not touch the product, test cables, or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under
test. ALWAYS remove power from the entire test system and discharge any capacitors before: connecting or disconnecting
cables or jumpers, installing or removing switching cards, or making internal changes, such as installing or removing jumpers.

Do not touch any object that could provide a current path to the common side of the circuit under test or power line (earth)
ground. Always make measurements with dry hands while standing on a dry, insulated surface capable of withstanding the
voltage being measured.
For safety, instruments and accessories must be used in accordance with the operating instructions. If the instruments or
accessories are used in a manner not specified in the operating instructions, the protection provided by the equipment may be
impaired.

Do not exceed the maximum signal levels of the instruments and accessories, as defined in the specifications and operating
information, and as shown on the instrument or test fixture panels, or switching card.

When fuses are used in a product, replace with the same type and rating for continued protection against fire hazard.

Chassis connections must only be used as shield connections for measuring circuits, NOT as protective earth (safety ground)
connections.

If you are using a test fixture, keep the lid closed while power is applied to the device under test. Safe operation requires the use
of a lid interlock.

If a screw is present, connect it to protective earth (safety ground) using the wire recommended in the user documentation.

The symbol on an instrument means caution, risk of danger. The user must refer to the operating instructions located in the
user documentation in all cases where the symbol is marked on the instrument.

The symbol on an instrument means caution, risk of electric shock. Use standard safety precautions to avoid personal
contact with these voltages.

The  symbol on an instrument shows that the surface may be hot. Avoid personal contact to prevent burns.

The  symbol indicates a connection terminal to the equipment frame.

If this symbol is on a product, it indicates that mercury is present in the display lamp. Please note that the lamp must be
properly disposed of according to federal, state, and local laws.

The WARNING heading in the user documentation explains dangers that might result in personal injury or death. Always read
the associated information very carefully before performing the indicated procedure.

The CAUTION heading in the user documentation explains hazards that could damage the instrument. Such damage may
invalidate the warranty.

Instrumentation and accessories shall not be connected to humans.

Before performing any maintenance, disconnect the line cord and all test cables.

To maintain protection from electric shock and fire, replacement components in mains circuits -- including the power
transformer, test leads, and input jacks -- must be purchased from Keithley Instruments. Standard fuses with applicable national
safety approvals may be used if the rating and type are the same. Other components that are not safety-related may be
purchased from other suppliers as long as they are equivalent to the original component (note that selected parts should be
purchased only through Keithley Instruments to maintain accuracy and functionality of the product). If you are unsure about the
applicability of a replacement component, call a Keithley Instruments office for information.

To clean an instrument, use a damp cloth or mild, water-based cleaner. Clean the exterior of the instrument only. Do not apply
cleaner directly to the instrument or allow liquids to enter or spill on the instrument. Products that consist of a circuit board with
no case or chassis (e.g., a data acquisition board for installation into a computer) should never require cleaning if handled
according to instructions. If the board becomes contaminated and operation is affected, the board should be returned to the
factory for proper cleaning/servicing.

Safety precaution revision of January 2013.

ii                                                                   2220S-901-01 Rev. B/December 2013
Table of Contents

         Preface .............................................................................................................. iii
              Welcome ....................................................................................................... iii
              Products........................................................................................................ iii
              Extended Warranty ........................................................................................... iv
              Contact Information .......................................................................................... iv
              Terms............................................................................................................ v

         Clear and Sanitize Procedures..................................................................................... 1
              Memory Devices............................................................................................... 1
              Data Export Device............................................................................................ 2

         Troubleshooting..................................................................................................... 3
              How to Clear or Sanitize a Nonfunctional Instrument..................................................... 3
              How to Recover from Sanitizing the Nonvolatile Memory of the Instrument .......................... 3

Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions  i
Table of Contents

ii                 Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions
Preface   Thank you for using a Keithley Instruments product. The Series 2200
          Multichannel Programmable DC Power Supplies are flexible DC sources designed
Welcome   to power a wide range of applications. The model 2230-30-1 and its variants
          offer three power channels and the model 2220-30-1 and its variants provide two
Products  channels. The output channels on both models are independent and isolated,
          allowing you to power circuits with different references or polarities. Each
          channel can be enabled or disabled as your application requires. All outputs
          feature remote sense capability which can be used to reduce the effect of lead
          resistance, delivering 0.03% basic voltage accuracy even when using long leads.
          Basic current accuracy is 0.1% for all channels and linear regulation delivers
          low noise ­ less than 3 mVp-p. Flexible display modes make it easy to use the
          two 30 V outputs in combination, and the USB interface makes it easy to build
          PC-based systems without converters or special cables. The G versions of each
          model include a GPIB interface in combination with the USB interface.

          These compact power supplies cover a wide range of applications without
          covering a lot of bench space. Versions of these power supplies are available for
          use at 100 VAC nominal line voltage which is common in Japan. These versions
          are indicated by the "J" suffix.

          This manual contains information about the following products:

          Model        Description
          2220-30-1    Programmable Dual Channel DC Power Supply
          2220G-30-1   Programmable Dual Channel DC Power Supply with GPIB Interface
          2220J-30-1   Programmable Dual Channel DC Power Supply for Japan
          2220GJ-30-1  Programmable Dual Channel DC Power Supply with GPIB Interface for
                       Japan
          2230-30-1    Triple Channel Programmable DC Power Supply
          2230G-30-1   Programmable Triple Channel DC Power Supply with GPIB Interface
          2230J-30-1   Triple Channel Programmable DC Power Supply for Japan
          2230GJ-30-1  Programmable Triple Channel DC Power Supply with GPIB Interface for
                       Japan

Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions                                      iii
Preface

Extended Warranty

                     Additional years of warranty coverage are available on many products. These
                     valuable contracts protect you from unbudgeted service expenses and provide
                     additional years of protection at a fraction of the price of a repair. Extended
                     warranties are available on new and existing products. Contact your local Keithley
                     Instruments representative for details.

Contact Information

                     If you have any questions after reviewing this information, please use the
                     following sources:

                     1. Keithley Instruments website (http://www.keithley.com)

                     2. Keithley web forum (http://forum.keithley.com)

                     3. Call Keithley Instruments corporate headquarters (toll-free inside the U.S. and
                          Canada only) at 1-888-KEITHLEY (1-888-534-8453), or from outside the
                          U.S. at +1-440-248-0400. For worldwide contact numbers, visit the Keithley
                          Instruments website (http://www.keithley.com).

iv                   Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions
Terms                                                                                            Preface

       The following terms may be used in this document:

           Clear. This removes data on media/memory before reusing it in a secured
           area. All reusable memory is cleared to deny access to previously stored
           information by standard means of access.

           Erase. This is equivalent to clear.

           Media storage/data export device. Any of several devices that can be used
           to store or export data from the instrument, such as a USB port.

           Nonvolatile memory. Data is retained when the instrument is powered off.

           Power off. Some instruments have a "Standby" mode, in which power is
           still supplied to the instrument. For the purpose of clearing data, putting the
           instrument in Standby mode does not qualify as powering off. For these
           products, you will need to either press a rear-panel OFF switch or remove the
           power source from the instrument.

           Remove. This is a physical means to clear the data by removing the memory
           device from the instrument. Instructions are available in the product Service
           Manual.

           Sanitize. This eradicates the data from media/memory so that the data cannot
           be recovered by other means or technology. This is typically used when the
           device will be moved (temporarily or permanently) from a secured area to a
           non-secured area.

           Scrub. This is equivalent to sanitize.

           User-modifiable. The user can write to the memory device during normal
           instrument operation, using the instrument interface or remote control.

           Volatile memory. Data is lost when the instrument is powered off.

Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions  v
Preface

vi       Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions
Clear and Sanitize Procedures

Memory Devices

                                   The following tables list nonvolatile and volatile memory devices. Detailed
                                   procedures to sanitize or clear these devices are shown after the tables.

Table 1: Nonvolatile memory devices

Type and          Function         User        Data input      Location    To clear          To sanitize
minimum size                       modifiable  method
                  Current setup,                               Main board                    See Clear Flash
EEPROM, 8k x 8    saved setups,    Yes         Firmware                                      and EEPROM
bit               and calibration              operations and  Main board                    Procedure
                  constants                    user input                                    following this
                                                                                             table
Flash 8k x bit    ListData         Yes         Firmware
                                                                                             See Clear Flash
                                               operations and                                and EEPROM
                                                                                             Procedure
                                               user input                                    following this
                                                                                             table

AT91SAM7X256,                      No          Firmware        CPU board
256k Flash
                                               update
STM32F103C8,
64k ­ 128k Flash                   No          Firmware        Main board

                                               update

Table 2: Volatile memory devices

Type and          Function         User        Data input      Location    To clear          To sanitize
minimum size                       modifiable  method
                                                               CPU board   Cycle power with
AT91SAM7X256,                      No          Firmware                    a minimum of 15
64k SRAM                                       operations      Main board  seconds off

STM32F103C8,                       No          Firmware                    Cycle power with
20k SRAM                                                                   a minimum of 15
                                               operations                  seconds off

Clear Flash and EEPROM             1. Press the front-panel Shift button.
                 Procedure         2. Press the front-panel . button.
                                   3. Press the front-panel 2 button.

Clear STM32F103 and                1. Press the front-panel power button to turn the instrument off.
 AT91SAM Procedure                 2. Wait at least 15 seconds before turning the instrument back on.

Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions                                                          1
Clear and Sanitize Procedures

Data Export Device

                                        The following table lists the data export devices. There are no procedures to
                                        disable these devices.

Table 3: Data export devices

Type and     Function                   User        Data input method       Location       To disable
minimum                                 modifiable
size         Supports remote control                Remote control through  Rear-panel of  Cannot be disabled
             and data transfer to a PC  Yes         USBTMC                  instrument
USB                                                                                        Cannot be disabled
device port  Supports remote control    Yes         Remote control through  Rear-panel of
             and data transfer to a PC              IEEE 488                instrument
GPIB port

2                                                   Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions
Troubleshooting

How to Clear or Sanitize a Nonfunctional Instrument

                                       To sanitize a nonfunctional instrument, remove the Main and CPU boards and
                                       return the instrument to Tektronix for installation of replacement boards.

How to Recover from Sanitizing the Nonvolatile Memory of the Instrument

                                       After performing the Clear Flash and EEPROM Procedure, the power supply
                                       will return to the factory default setting. Therefore, a recovery procedure is not
                                       necessary.

Series 2200 Declassification and Security Instructions                                                                     3
